fix(apt): remove stack version to redirect on the stacks page (#2167)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/deployment/buildpacks/2000-01-01-apt.md

```

{% warning %}

> You have to make sure the chosen packages are compatible with the release the stack image.

Reviewer: I think there is a confusion in your wording between "stack", "release", "version", "image", etc. I would re-use the wording from the Stacks page (https://doc.scalingo.com/platform/internals/stacks/stacks). 

```suggestion
You have to make sure the chosen packages are compatible with the stack base distribution.
```

See [our documentation page]({% post_url platform/internals/stacks/2000-01-01-stacks %})

> to see how to change your stack and the **version** of the current base image.

Reviewer: I don't understand the part of this sentence "and the **version** of the current base image."
